hey guys okay i decided to two strand
twist my hair while I was still win it
so i used some gel and I moisturized it
and then I twist it up and all together
took me about two of two and a half hour
cuz I was two or two and a half hours
because I was on the phone and I was
just taking my time I normally don't
twist my herb anymore cuz I just don't
feel like it anyway I just want to show
you the ends of my hair now I am liking
the way they look the ends in the front
or not so stringy usually they will have
a string string he looked to him these
are still kind of wet because I just got
through it just got through doing them
and so this is why this is to hang them
low and these are up because they're dry
a little bit but I'm going to do a quick
spin around so yeah I'm pretty excited
about my hair I did co wash my hair I
guess you can see my my heroine
conditioner at eco watch tonight honey
like I did earlier well like I said
earlier i did i'm hot oil treatment and
sat under the dryer so my hair is like
really lubricated and but i want to show
you my answer a quick again now the back
of my hair this hot no my hair is doing
better in front because the back of my
hair usually looks like little buds on
the ends and anytime they have like a
strange look to him they will just let
me know that the nzb transom so these
years to be well they're looking pretty
good right now they have like a little
rounded tip versus these have still have
like little straight tips a little bit
but they're not as string G as they
weren't because I cut some of it up
so I'm liking the way the ends feel
although the color in here it feels kind
of rough and hard so it's probably
coming from the other process and the
dryness and stuff but I don't know i'm
happy about my hair right now so i'm
going to go to bed now but what i want
to do is show you all how I'm going to
keep my hair stretched so that I could
have a little bit of hang time in the
morning when I wake up so oh I do have a
band here I don't do anything much I
just wrap it around my ears to the back
and just put a little band around it not
real tight just enough to all the
ponytail loosely I want it loose I don't
want it real tight just loose enough to
them so my head won't have all the
attention I don't like tension in my
head so I don't wear extensions and
braids and stuff too much because I
don't like on that but that's why I
usually French braid my own hair because
I can tolerate how many how much pain
i'll put in my hair anyway this is how
it looks so that's how I stretch my hair
just put on the ban on it and then I put
a set kit and tuck the ends under
make sure everything's tucked away and
it have a little bit of a stretch in the
morning so are you guys I'll see you on
next video I'm really sleepy